Add tables for monitoring statistics of Virtual Machine cpu utilization and disk read/write ops (#166)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-azure: docs/tables/azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops.md

# Table: azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops

> GCP Monitoring Metrics provide data about the performance of your systems. The `azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops` table provides metric statistics at 5 minute intervals for the most recent 1 year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GCP Monitoring Metrics provide data about the performance of your systems. The `azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops` table provides metric statistics at 5 minute intervals for the most recent 5 days.
```
